yo guys illusion i heard in a pack
opening for FFA and sophie give me some
good lap cheers right I'm pre-order pack
primer see what this is right what did I
get and crap he's alright so go and
trade by that slug Zumba start
consumable sorry well I'm send the tape
or shutting me down um I still really
want to skip over that used to go for a
lot this one in 50 I slight me the badge
that sits in the tripod and so I got
like three thousand point so see you
somebody's foot what you do it are the
embargo pack like a picture onani pace
senem trade power my squad fitness as
well I need one of those tenets Rahbar
centroid path and
come on Scott fitness yes that's what
fitnesses now quick setup manager I
doubt it sell for much but I was taking
with us if he had the stadium Etihad
Stadium what's a pretty short ass man
city's one clicks her up right when
tollfree more packs come on messy messy
messy Jones are less may not go into
them no so striker left mid um I'm sure
use him I'm placing them at this club
called Premier League sweater from in
big heads up but I ain't got left mid so
soundcheck bar Rudy Norwich I should
have discarded them you'll be able hip
in orange 522 why not I don't need him
quick selling stories on cloud
upper body trade pile quick setup I
didn't mean just send the trade bar Wow
everyone's evolving parties right Joe
Hart now Joe haider and probably a good
partner might doing one more back after
this what was that didn't see it right
mid night one pace hope for yourself a
bet another squad fitness consumable
consumable timber consumable clicks out
quick so
probably fell out for them bad got on
that email click so over now goodbye but
one more pack let's try and get benzema
and another 10 there we go who the
hell's that
Wow don't even know I need a pen then we
sent her documents a little more office
forget something good
don't know what formation is four foot
pretty one to go for a lot Newcastle bit
much i sent that red bar right
definitely one Benzema I Donovan tema
she had one you want to messy messy try
and get a message with TJ hart Wow come
on come on was nothing it is Jenna this
ten ages or as Messier girl is missing
Pat oh I was out haha bad fitness
actually sent defense amidst out who he
said that they need them some tribal
Center a ball and symbols
two more singles trade and trade all
right now you could pack there I
hopefully i'll get some bedrooms
different back room and then separate
comment love you